= ruote-amqp

* http://github.com/kennethkalmer/ruote-amqp
* http://rdoc.info/projects/kennethkalmer/ruote-amqp
* http://ruote.rubyforge.org

== DESCRIPTION:

ruote-amqp provides an AMQP participant/listener pair that allows you to 
distribute workitems out to AMQP consumers for processing, as well as launching
processes over AMQP.

To learn more about remote participants in ruote please see
http://ruote.rubyforge.org/part_implementations.html

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Flexible participant for sending workitems
* Flexible receiver for receiving replies
* Flexible launch item listener for launching processes over AMQP
* Fully evented (thanks to the amqp gem)

== SYNOPSIS:

Please review the rdoc in RuoteAMQP::Participant and Ruote::AMQP::Listener

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ruote[http://ruote.rubyforge.org] 2.1.4 or later
* amqp[http://github.com/tmm1/amqp] 0.6.6 or later
* rufus-json[http://github.com/jmettraux/rufus-json] 0.1.0 or later
* rabbitmq[http://www.rabbitmq.com/] 1.6.0 or later

== INSTALL:

Please be sure to have read the requirements section above

* sudo gem install ruote-amqp

== TESTS:

To run the tests you need the following requirements met, or the testing environment
will fail horribly (or simply get stuck without output).

=== RabbitMQ vhost

The tests use dedicated vhost on a running AMQP broker. To configure RabbitMQ
you can run the following commands:

  # rabbitmqctl add_vhost ruote-test
  # rabbitmqctl add_user ruote ruote
  # rabbitmqctl set_permissions -p ruote-test ruote '.*' '.*' '.*'

If you need to change the AMQP configuration used by the tests, edit the
+spec/spec_helper.rb+ file.

== DAEMON-KIT:

Although the RuoteAMQP gem will work perfectly well with any AMQP consumer,
it is recommended that you use daemon-kit[http://github.com/kennethkalmer/daemon-kit]
to write your remote participants.

daemon-kit offers plenty of convenience for remote participants and includes
a code generator for ruote remote participants.

DaemonKit doesn't currently support ruote 2.1, support is forthcoming.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Kenneth Kalmer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
